<h1>Web Scraping Project using BeautifulSoup4 on Python</h1>

<p>This web scraping script pulls data from the e-commerce website of <a href="https://www.henryscameraphoto.com/">Henry's Camera Photo</a>.</p></br>

<h3>Dependencies:</h3>
<ul>
  <li><b>BeautifulSoup4</b>: A library that makes it simple to extract data from websites. It provides Pythonic paradigms for iterating, searching, and altering the parse tree on top of an HTML or XML parser.</li>
  <li><b>Requests</b>: Thanks to its sophisticated and user-friendly API, which makes dealing with web services and consuming data in an application easier, the Python Requests library is the recommended choice for generating HTTP requests in Python.</li>
  <li><b>CSV</b>: Classes to read and write tabular data in CSV format are implemented by the csv module. Without being aware of the specifics of the CSV format that Excel uses, programmers can state things like, "write this data in the format preferred by Excel," or "read data from this file which was generated by Excel."</li>
</ul>

<h3>How to use</h3>
<h4><b>Mac:</b></h4>
<ul>
  <ol>Open <bold>terminal</bold>.</ol>
  <ol>Copy and paste <code>/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"</code>.</ol>
  <ol>On your terminal, type <code>brew install python</code>.</ol>
  <ol>After installation, navigate to your desired project destination.</ol>
  <ol><bold>OPTIONAL:</bold> Create a <italic>virtual environment using Python</italic> by typing <code>python -m venv &lt;PATH&gt;</code>. This is optional, but encouraged to ensure cleanliness in storage and dependencies.</ol>
  <ol>Once in the desired destination, create another directory by typing <code>mkdir &lt;FOLDER NAME&gt;</code>.</ol>
  <ol>Navigate to the newly created folder.</ol>
  <ol>Type in <code>brew install git</code>.</ol>
  <ol>Navigate terminal inside the folder where project is located.</ol>
  <ol>Type <code>git init</code>.</ol>
  <ol>Type <code>git pull https://github.com/wewefuma/web_scraping_ATI.git</code>.</ol>
  <ol>Navigate to base folder.</ol>
  <ol>Type <code>source bin/activate</code>.</ol>
  <ol>Type <code>pip install bs4</code>.</ol>
  <ol>Type <code>pip install requests</code>.</ol>
  <ol>Type <code>pip install csv</code>.</ol>
  <ol>Run <code>python henrys.py</code>.</ol>
</ul>
